## v23.5.7.2

### Release Date

January 26, 2026.

### New Features

1. Chinese-English translation optimization.
2. Monitoring dashboard supports PDB-level monitoring.
3. Alerts support PDB-level monitoring.
4. Supports primary-standby switchover alerts.
5. Log collection and analysis support PDB-level monitoring.
6. Supports CDB-level resource monitoring summary.
7. Tablespace list supports displaying maximum extension usage rate.

### Bug Fixes

1. Fixed the issue where backup and restore operations failed when the user password contained special characters.
2. Fixed the issue where the return code of the platform backup and recovery script was incorrect.
3. Fixed some Chinese and English translation issues.
4. Fixed the issue where the top 3 abnormal waiting time on the workbench was displayed abnormally.

## v23.5.5.4

### Release Date

February 06, 2026.

### New Features

1. Supports integration with internal SMTP email service without password.
2. Supports SWAP tablespace alerting.
3. Alert policies support user-configured alert levels.
4. Supports custom names for alert level notifications.

## v23.5.5.2

### Release Date

January 21, 2026.

### New Features

1. Supports PDB-level database parameter configuration.
2. Supports CDB and PDB-level database backup.
3. Supports PDB-level process monitoring.
4. Optimized the BMC hardware monitoring page.
5. Supports scheduled cleanup of historical alert data.
6. Supports configuring SSL certificates for YashanDB access.
7. Supports rolling upgrades for YAC cluster.
8. Supports CDB and PDB-level archive log backup.
9. Supports PDB-level tablespace backup.
10. The disk IOPS chart now supports displaying all data and cumulative data.
11. Added user status to the database user list.

### Bug Fixes

1. Fixed the issue where querying snapshots failed in abnormal scenarios.
2. Optimized some Chinese and English display texts.
3. Fixed the issue where backup failed when the password contained certain special characters.
4. Fixed the issue where the platform recovery script returned an incorrect exit code.
5. Fixed the issue where some buttons did not trigger a secondary confirmation dialog.

## v23.5.3.2

### Release Date

December 24, 2025.

### New Features

1. Supports visualization of Multi-Tenant Database Failover.
2. Supports display of dorado Hardware Monitoring.
3. Add database port field to the custom push alarm information.
4. Supports visualization of global User & role operations and maintenance, as well as global authorization.
5. Supports YashanDB custom list configuration.
6. Optimizes the content of alarm details and alarm repair suggestions.


### Bug Fixes

1. Fixed the issue of incorrect sorting of field display on the visualization scheme page.
2. Fixed the issue where error prompts were not prominent when adding heterogeneous hosts.
3. Fixed the issue of unreasonable placement/functionality of the confirmation button for user creation.
4. Fixed the issue of incorrect English display on the shared storage page.
5. Fixed the issue of hosting failure caused by inconsistency between yasom users and database users.

## v23.5.1.3

### Release Date

November 26, 2025.

### New Features

1. Support for host BMC hardware monitoring display.
2. Support for YFS disk resource monitoring display.
3. Support for dynamic changes of monitoring icon data units.

### Bug Fixes

1. Fixed occasional backup failure issue in version 22.2 database.
2. Fixed the issue where query and body parameters were not displayed simultaneously in platform audit logs.
3. Fixed translation issues for some alarm items in English mode.
4. Fixed the issue with failed rolling upgrade checks in some version 23.4 databases.
5. Fixed the inaccurate description of agent username when adding hosts.

## v23.5.1.2

### Release Date

November 21, 2025.

### New Features

1. The database session list now displays client IP and port.

### Bug Fixes

1. Fixed several CVE vulnerabilities.